You gotta run. See you at the church?
Oh, unless you're calling off the wedding.
No, Delia. Where are you going?
Cemetery.
To commune with my dear husband's spirit.
I need a skitaddle, too. I'm
co-chaperoning Lillar James Girl Scout Troop.
We spent weeks coming up with a
group costume scene. We agreed nothing Disney.
The closest we ever got to Disney was
when Astrid dressed a Cinderella's dead mom.
You'll never guess
what the girls came up with.
Fruit salad. Isn't that
genius? It's healthy and non-triggering.
I'm going as...
reverse mortgage. Which
is mortgage spelled backwards.
Where is Astrid?
On a date. Her first. I'm more nervous
than she is. The
boy lives over on Jefferson.